And then in three weeks, we'll have a very good solution. Um, so, it's not like we can, we're not in a place where we can design the entire stack and deploy it, take a quarter to deploy, and then we will show some progress, right? So things small, think what you can do this week, and just get it to production.  It's fine. I'm not gonna sit here, argue, now you have to use Java. I'm not going to do that, right?  Like, I don't care, actually. Do whatever you need to, but just be mindful of, like, don't, you know, don't say, like, if it doesn't make sense, see, right in Java, and that's fine. Like, it'll make the JBM process easier.  You won't have many competing things. Right now, the plot tunes the JBM memory to be a very specific thing. It tunes it to be 80% off the entire pod. a memory.  So, the concern is, if you're using Python, we have to figure out, like, how much memory Python is going to use, and give JPM a little less memory, and then increase the container pot size to be more, so that we make space for Python. Okay, that is the actual, like, concern I have. It's not really about Python versus Java.  It's about, like, when running, how much memory will, like, the Python process take? Is it going to be a log subprocess that is just going to sit there and like act as a server? which I like because it has a better, like, memory profile than, like, you know, 100 MB, like, being spawned every single time.  And that just scales linearly with the number of pin calls weekend. And then Linux is slow at actually getting memory. Anyway, so that's the concern about Python versus Java.  It has transferred to be the language. Um, I love Python. I like python much better than Java, obviously, if I'm writing.  Uh, I like go better than Python now. But, has nothing to do with any of them. Okay?  But, like, my overall seat pack is, break it down into weekly things that you can deliver, and, like, be pushing to prod every Friday. Use MCP software for that because it's already in production, has a product, you keep it deployment. And like, just be going to...  Can we keep it as a separate module in MCP? Shashan? Sure.  What do you mean by module? Like it's separate? I mean to say, uh...  Yeah, separate container, as well as code wise, I mean, don't want to mess up with the MCP code as such. Want to keep it uh. What will you mess up?  Again, this is not, you don't worry about that. Anyway, but I want to hear, like, what you want to keep separate, what you want to do. No, we want...  See... Now, if we tie up this everything with MCP, right? It'll be there with MCP.  I cannot pull it out and use it for any other... Why? What do you mean?  Why? Take code off. MCP is good.  Put it in some places. It's okay. Yeah, that's the reason.  Is there a wait for MCP? If written MCP, can I keep it as a separate MCP is Java, right? So make it like a module or something.  Is that? Is that what? But how will you keep it?  See, again, I don't really care about code anymore, right? I am just trying to understand when you deploy what will happen. So within the MCP sour, we actually have a slash MCP endpoint, and then just recently, two, three weeks ago, we introduced a slash proxy endpoint.  The slash proxy end point is a proxy sub... deployed? For the agent cover, it's a proxy to GTFE. Um, so, our AWS, uh, uh, uh, our 8.  So we have an ACM request, from here to AWS, from GKP to AWS, and then, um, in our AWS, ECS task, the, uh, the agent that is running there, the migration agent, right, needs access to GTFE, but GTFE is hosted on Prem. So we needed a proxy that our agent is allowed to talk to, to come in and talk to GTF. So now we have that proxy also hosted in MCP South.  We did a quick memory profile, and we said, hey, like, this is, uh, this will scale nearly, as per. A linearly as per the number of connections established. We know that we will only establish eight or 12 or X number of connections from the agent to the server, and with that, our memory profile is going to be this much.  And therefore, like, we just hosted it in the current MCP sour only. Okay, yeah. Right, so, so, if you want to create new endpoints on JetCMCP server slash DocSift.  Like, that's fine. If you want to, like, put that in a separate container in the deployment, like, that's fine. Okay.  But what I'm saying is, use the existing vehicle like that. It has already there. Don't waste time, like, trying to get a new GKP cluster, trying to, like, you know, like, install diner trees.  No, no, not getting a separate. That's the point. Separate.  That's the point I'm trying to make, because then, like, you either use the existing GKP infra or use an existing AWS infra. But because you want... I understand the infra problem getting it...  It's too much. I mean, at least for our project to go and look at the metrics, that is, I agree with that. Yeah, because we have basic time, I think, with all of, like, and we've already spent, what, like, hook you to, we spent in getting MCB Sabastoda.  And we did so much work. Right? It's in PDO now because we got to PDO in such good time.  Let's use that and then bundle all of, like, this is, this becomes a rational service on top of that is all I'm thinking. Like, either you can either do it as a new API endpoint. It has separate container if you want to keep python.  But if you wanted to be there, like put it in Java and submodule, perfectly signal, right? Like that's how I did the proxy part. It's a it's a module.  We use cradle for the good system. It's just a, like, thing that creators will build and test, and there's a separate integration test that says, hey, like, is this working as expected? Right.  Um, but if you, if you want to also expose this as an MCP pool, right? Like now, so if you want to have CCMC, locks it, do something for me, that is different. But what I'm saying is, if you want to expose this as an MCP tool available to, like, games with the suburb, then it has to be in the main court base.  It has to be, like, somehow you have to make it past the same course, right? Well, okay. So, if it is, if it has to be a tool, then it has to be there within the same order.  Correct, correct. Okay. Otherwise, I mean, you can have it outside, but it'll require a network call.  Again, our network calls... Yeah. Okay.  But here's the thing. Okay, let's check that. The MCP somewhere is already going to UTS downloading the log.  Right? So that and there is space for the log, the log is cashed, it's available locally. So, I think the natural place is somebody else is going and downloading the logs already for you.  How about I sift through the logs and give you a summary? How about I sit through the logs and give you meditator? Right?  Like, that's the, those are the tools I'm thinking about, and those fit squarely on top of MCP server. Leave the MCP sour's current functionality to go fetch UTS, like, to authentication, to authorisation, letter to all of that. And then locks theft is just another tool that sits on top.  That will, like, do the train algorithm that will do the collapsing of the dog and give me a log summary back. And that is a tool on top anyway, like, then, so that's why I was thinking, the simplest way is, if it's that tool that we want to expose, and we have a peak, take this Python code, rewrite in in Java, and then deploy it as a tool. But if you're worried about pandas and if you are at about performance, I don't know, like, that's, you have to tell me, I don't know anything about that.  Yeah, that, uh, even make a think, the libraries are also, they were checking out. What are you using? The drain library is...  A drain, one function, you can write. I wrote in code. I wrote in colan, it's a very simple algorithm.  You can write your own. One file. You don't need libraries.  Pull train. Yeah. But if you're using pandas to, like, then do some, like...  Pandas, when... Pandas you're not using. Like, pandas doesn't have a great equivalent in Java.  But if it's chain algorithm, hope it will write it for you. You wrote it for me. I gave it the paper.  There's a PDF of a paper to scratch the algorithm. You keep it. You have to, I don't know, maybe there are good ones available in Java, too.  I did not check. Maybe there are good ones. and go. I did not check.  I gave it the paper for, I did this for I. So scale is very different. But for high, I did the grain ablimation. and there is just a drain.co. how many lines it is. Yeah, we checked it, not just, but...  Yeah. It's like 180 lines of coat, man. It's for needy lights, both.  So, don't make decisions based on, like, those things. Very simple. Like, it's right, write it.  The thing that you care about, and we should care about, is our clustering algorithm, right? or what defines a cluster for us. The downloading and downloaded logs, the test side, the test side, like massive logs, right?  The stuff that makes it really difficult for us to analyse the logs. Can we cluster them? What is the algorithm that we are saying that will cluster them?  Like, that is our secret source. Yes. Yes.  And the demo, yeah, like the demos, like, right now, the, you are, you are, like, 5,000 lines is what it's an artificial limit we came up with, but when we said MCP Sabre, it can only return 5,000 and quote back. It has the entire, like, 100 imperial block file, locally, MCP Sabaltanas, in local profile system, it'll have that quite what is exposing to the client, it's only $5,000 back. Um, because when I tested, I found that anything more than Coponent has to do a lot, more gripping row creating, to get that by locally, and the crap, and, like, it was finding it very difficult, and loading up context.  USVS code, though, is not doing that, so with USVS code, they'll say, hey, let me let me 1st fetch the size. I will put it in some content directly, and then kill run crep locally on that content. So it's actually better these days.  Give it the whole long file. That's not what we did. We can always change that again.  But, but given that's there, that's the reason why the API call is like five or seven. So, if you do this in production, and you can show, hey, like, Popa, like, calls reduced from five to two, it did one, called my summary, and it knew the exact problem. Back there, there is your money shot.  Like, that's, I think. That proves that law accept is useful. And then you want to get to, okay, like, now that I know how to summarise, can I get to the root cause?  Okay. Right? Because I think the ultimate problem we want to solve is, like, all of the GHL, like, unclassified, goes away.  We're able to accurately, like, blame platform or user. based on, based on various things, right? So, I think we need to take all of the lattices, regular expressions, and diagnostics. We need to take money on monies, like, regular expressions and, like, her mapping.  And then, we are applying it to ideally, the summary only. Right? Because why bother applying it to this massive thing when we already know how to, like, very good data, good summary.  Like, we should take a 10 MB long file, and it should become a 10 kilobyte long file. And our regular expression is runs only on the 10 kilobyte guy. because that's very very specific. So if there is, the failure is an FRS published, then our summary is able to strip away everything and build, because we knew that it succeeded.  And then we apply the, like, our regular expressions only on the FRS publish, and then our plane is going to be super accurate. Then we won't blame, like, artifactory downloader. We will blame, like, artifactory, far as repo, like, whatever.  And I think that's, that's it. Yeah, shock. Yeah, that's where we need to get two.  So like, how will you break? I don't know, like, this is my suggestion, right? Yeah, we'll check in.  You are much closer to this. Yeah, think about it in this way where you're, how do I break down this plan into, like, smaller chunks? And excuse existing infra, like, don't fight infra.  No, no, no, no, no, no, no. That is... And there's things, no new impact.  Yeah, yes, yes, yes, yes, again, a different headache. Yes, and so we are not, we were also not planning to have a separate infra. And the main thing was whatever we have, you have discussed with Devanshu and Shruti, right?  So we agree with all the points. Just what we were thinking is just only not anything else, just what we were thinking is to have a separate module. only we were thinking because we have already implemented all the plan were created. So that was the thing and that was not a very big concern as well because we can write in it in, we can convert it in Java. if you find good reasons and you want to stick to Python, like that's fine.  Which I say, like define your art like pottery, ideally, a different container is useful. That way you're not, because you get the right python have how much ever resources it has, but then you have to figure out, like, how the, if you have to expose it as a tool call, then how about you? expose it up as a tool.  Do you want this container to talk to that other container? Is that over a socket? Is that over?  You know? Yes, yes. Sachang soup.  That point, I did not thought about. So I'll think about that if it is a separate module, how much memory in point of memory. and how we will talk those things, uh, I'll check that and uh, whatever the feasible will be there, right? We'll do the same.  Yeah, but I'm saying, like, the simplest to me sounds like rewrite in Java, right? So whatever solution you come up with, like that, keep that in mind. Like, this is simpler.  Yes, that will do good. Yeah, I don't have any problem with Java. Python and Java, both are same.  Python can be, because Java, you know, where I can optimise the memory, but not sure about how Python multi-threading works because I have, I have had more work on that. Just like pre-processed pool and all how it will work, whether it will consume how, uh, it will consume memory. So like Python doesn't give you great, every multi-processing. is a new python instance.  So that's not a dep right there. Okay? Yes.  Why, then is interpreted. It's not. It's not JVM, like, compiled and white coat running, right?  So pythread interpreters are massive, and did they P? What are the box? And then, everything else is your app's memory.  Anyway, I, like... Yeah, okay. Uh, it's not about liking.  I don't like either of those languages, or Slava side. Uh, but okay, I'm okay with, uh, I've given up a job. Okay, fine.  Opel is writing. I would have to do. It's how I feel about travel.  And Devanshu and Shruti, do we have any points to it? Yeah, one thing, actually, I wanted to get some more alignment. I think last time, also, we were discussing, but it's the scale of daily pipelines or logs that you anticipate would be processed, because MCB servers, current usage, we would have to, like, anticipate that further also, right?  Like last time you were discussing how many failed by friends there are, and you said, like, take the figure, like 10 K, free, 5 prints. Because our capacity estimate, it's whatever log support require, how much resources they put require, would be... Yeah, so again...  So, yeah, that's why I think should try the MCP sour first, because that's just how many people are actually interested in finding out about this pipeline. So, do this for one or 2 weeks, like, build that confidence that you can't do it for a smaller number of pipelines, and then, because the total, um... The total, the upper failed pipelines, across Asia, lattice is, like, 20K. Right?  A day, oh, 50 K a day. Okay, so, like, 50K, yeah, 25% of our pipeline fail, roughly... 25 to 40% of our pipeline. across port pale roughly. Okay, so 50K is a good number.  And so then how are you...? Do they have anywhere usage of this MCP, Shashank? How many users are hitting?  Um... Yeah, yeah, yeah. Uh, our, our plank server has that.  Unsently. Okay. It's in the Jet Zee absence, so...  Okay, okay. Okay. But, yes, Blunk has that.  Okay, sure. But, yeah, like, if you, if you can, I think it's a dog's club. Is it from?  It's like small medium defiles, but I should pick up, perhaps. Okay, so... Yeah, okay.  Makes sense. We have. And one last question, you want a lock summary for success and failure pipeline, both, or only the failure pipeline?  Or any of the pipeline, which is cancelled, unstable, any pipeline. Um, Oh, no, I mean, ideally all, I want everything all the time. Uh, but I think the way to structure it is to fail first, because, again, like, it's smaller. probably what most people are interested with.  And that's successful. I think for you to do clustering well, you should look at success pipelines as well. Yes.  We need to know, like, how to collapse all of the successes, but, yeah, I would say order, order it, right? Like, pay first, then add success. I want everything.  I guess. As a PM, like, as a end user, I want everything. Okay, sister.  Okay. Anything else? Okay.  No, she didn't. Okay. Okay.  Thank you. Thank you, Shashank. Thank you, bye. bye
